Even Hitler never stooped so low as to kick angels out of heaven.
Why does this sound like the plot to a Supernatural episode?
US Military also considering Republican Jesus as a possible puppet-deity.
"The question is: will the benevolent, long flowing hair, Fabio looking Jesus show up or will the middle eastern, terrorist zombie Jesus show up ?"
"The U.S. fired 666 cruise missiles at a cloud today to knock out an angel landing pad. It was reported that the cloud reformed soon after, but shares in Lockheed Martin soared."
"I'm in as long as the U.S. doesn't put boots on the cloud. We have enough of our own battles to fight without having to take in 6000 years worth of dead refugees. America first, heaven can wait."
This is why the U.S. is always harping on about regime change. But I don't know how in the halo they expect this to do any good.
"Sean Spicer says that he has not been fully briefed on angles, so he cannot say whether the obtuse or acute factions are involved"
The US never learns...even if they eliminate God his son will just take over with the same policies his dad had. And if not him some third party God like Allah or Vishnu will do the same.
"In true dictator fashion, God kills all the Earth's babies to teach us a lesson. Don't mess with your all-loving deity."
"Amid reports of barbaric executions by US angel proxies, state department insists we only arm ""moderate"" angels, and not those aligned to the so called ""Angelic State""."
Stephen Bannon is sending the cash as a means of getting revenge for being forced to disguise himself with a rotting flesh sack after getting kicked out of Heaven.
"A spokesman for the Department of Defense was quoted, ""we're talking about a deity who uses fire and brimstone on his own people here!"""
"Israeli prime minister Netanyahu welcomed the move saying that while Israel would never support Islamic, Angelic  terrorists, he was glad the Americans did."
"G_d had created the cosmos, saved Moses and parted a couple of seas in the past,  but the Jewish people had moved on, were handling their own security and the Americans were doing a great job."
"""These gentlemen are the moral equivalent of the founding fathers."""
Ronald Reagan was quoted as saying inbetween his personalized torment sessions in hell
"President Trump announces American efforts to funnel money and weapons to the heavenly terrorist group called ""The Seventy-Two Virgins."""
I've read this book. After a terrible war the leader of the angels is cast into a place of eternal misery that he will use as a base of operations to interfere in future elections.
"If we'd just put more money and effort into teaching logic and providing proper mental health services, the U.S. wouldn't be so plagued with radicalized gods."
I'm uncomfortable about this. Will this make us technically allies with Hell? I'm nervous about the nice things the President said about the ruler of Hell after some of his prominent citizens bought shares in Trump properties. :P
"You should have run this when Obama was in office.  But you didn't have the balls.  Running it now is a Jeb Bush level attempt at humor.  Jeb Bush=weak, pathetic."
"Oh no, haven't we learned? We'll probably end up with a full pantheon fighting and breaking heaven up into small, unviable afterlifes"
"“In any case, if we overthrow God and find the new regime not to our liking, we can always call in reinforcements from hell,” he added. “They are staunchly pro-American.”... :)"
"That just looks ridiculous! It  shows that God was only a limited look at life,she's not real! What else can you grasp to make sense of this world! Better off depending on yourself! Angels with what? Religion is a sham and a lie! Control only is what it is used for! Whatever you do don't think! If you do think let me know when you start laughing!"
this wouldn't surprise me one bit. It's the history of this country to supply arms to dissident groups only to come back and try and fight them decades later.
"Read your Bibles, people. God is a brutal dictator who has murdered countless innocent men women and children. He drowned millions of people in a single act, and tortures people in a special place created just for that purpose. He even had his own son murdered. This is a sick, sick man and if you people can't support the troops on this one, just shut up."
"Sad part is, if thay thought they could.....I'm sure they would try...At least a some of the black hearts would. Onion, you are closer to the truth than you think on this one......."
"If God were to to try and impede the consolidation of power by the nation's billionaires through republicans, this would be closer to truth than fiction."
"Meanwhile, advocates for Open Borders / Open Planes of Existence demand Satan to throw open the gates of Hell. ""By not being allowed into the country those poor souls are damned in more ways than one."" stated one advocate."
I know more about angels than the priests and rabbis do.
"Trump promised Pence he would oust God and install Pence as God if he agreed to be his running mate. Trump always keeps his promises. It's just a symbolic title anyway, and doesn't come with any actual powers. But Pence is satisfied."
"God found to be sitting on a $7T stockpile of lithium deposits, Trump orders bombing because his intel suggests God has beautyful chocolate cake-magnificent cake."
Kill the Che wannabe guy first! What's the young bastard's name again? Josie? Jessie? Juices?
Trump administration launches 72 Tomahawk missiles at the Pearly Gates in response to claims that God used sarin gas on his own angels.
"Not far off from the truth but exactly opposite it, I'm the rebellion and I fight for God; who is myself. Lol"
"The Onion: ""We need to ramp up the satire to stay ahead of an increasingly absurd reality!"""
"Trump: ""Hold my 12-year-old scotch."""
U.S. still fighting war with previously-backed dissident faction led by Lucifer.
Satan tried this before. It was documented in the historical drama book Paradise Lost.
"At press time, early polling suggested favorability toward Hell had increased overall by 16% compared to a similar poll conducted last year."
"Next article: ""God uses chemical weapons and crosses the red line"""
strong contender for my favorite one of all time
"A few Years later, ""Trump issues a travel ban against celestial creatures fleeing heavenly conflict"""
President Trump announces to the public that the New Dawn Front angels are freedom fighters and not at all associated with the radical Lucifer-led faction.
Soon the forces of Chaos will take out those of Law and YHVH
Theyre moderate angels trying to stop god from creating another flood. WHAAAA!?
need to bring 'Merican democracy into heaven
"Angels We Have Heard on High,Sweetly shooting o'er the plains,And the deities in reply,"
...
" Heaven is obviously a communist place, the US can't have that"
These episodes of
are getting weirder and weirder.
Maybe these angels can get some shit done and answer some damn prayers once in a while.
Hopefully this will not blow up like Ollie North's role in Lucifer's Rebellion.
It's always either illegal arms dealings or illegal sex-trafficking w/this group.
"richard kadrey's sandman slim book seires. read it, they're godam amazing!!"
"Wait, you mean Trump isn't God? Has anybody told him yet?"
tagged you in this twice just to make absolutely sure you dont miss the gold.
"Is this true? Is the ""Onion"" a factual news site"" =Sarah Palin."
I thought we had decided against regime change and we're just there to assist in angelitarian relief efforts.
"After God nationalizes natural resources of Heaven, United States overthrows God in bloody coup and installs Satan."
When they shoot do they have discipline or is it more spray and pray?
"hes the reason for everything thats gone wrong - if hes all powerful, its not our fault"
"Watch out, he's got a temper. And a history of trying to destroy the earth and sending babies to hell."
"Not involving the US, of course, but isn't this the entire POINT of Philip Pullman's trilogy..."
"Lucifer is brimming with delight, as he laughs, Ain't War Hell?!?"
US Military Accidentally Bombs Ally Angel Force's Headquarters.
This is what America has been training for.
Don't they remember what happened to the last asshole that tried this shit?
There's this group called ISIS actually shooting stuff up; maybe you could satirize them or something.
Probably one of the best onion articles I've seen in a long time
"Angel 1: ""Allahu Akbar!"""
"Angel 2: ""You do know what that means, right?"""
"Angel 3: ""Ugh... we need a new battle cry."""
"Well, he (God) is causing too much problems down here. I support this move."
"Here's the real kicker: they're working with the sources within the vatican to sell fake 'pieces of the real cross' to bible junkies on the streets of places like Philly, New York, Chicago, Sheboygan, Nemaha, Altoona, Walla Walla, & Los Angeles to pay for the weapons."
It's those freakish 6 winged angels.  I've never trusted them.
"Is this why the US is often referred  to as ""the great Satan""?"
"It's ok, we're only funding moderate angel ""freedom fighters""."
We can't have god running around with a master plan. Duh.  Has to be our way.
Can't see the Devil standing by and letting Trump grab all the credit
T'is better to rule in Washington D.C. than to serve in Heaven!
Area black metal band considers loaning sweet guitar solos and Cookie Monster vocals to Satan.
"As a believer, I have to say that there is a lot of truth in this satire."
I knew there was something real about the War on Christmas!!
wow this article  clearly says that emily is a weird ass name too
Finally we are backing the right freedom fighters!
"Ok, y'all are still going to hell, but that was funny."
"Heaven, brought to you by the U.S. State Department."
Unrelated: Oil was found in heaven.
I'm confident that this program was ended this past January.
Didn't Lucifer try this once before?
"I heard that his punishment was that he had to wander the earth with the name ""Steve Bannon"""
your two favorite subjects: religion and international relations
this is the shot I was on about 😂
Well the gods are only mythology created by man as a mass control operation & then there is money $$
it's funny because it's something the United States would actually do haha we're fantastic
I think you guys are missing the point. The dissedent angel group is Satan. We literally arm and fund Satan.
republican jesus waiting in the wings to take over after successful coup.
And there's that little snitch called Jesus you have to deal with before reaching god!
"Judging from the way things are around here now, I'd say the Republicans have succeeded."
"""God has WMDS. He's a bad hombre. I know how to defeat god. I'll bomb the shit out of him. Believe me. """
The Onion has been on a roll lately (or always)
"After they found out that God was preaching liberal values about loving your enemy and one another, helping the poor, and taking care of the less fortunate."
I'm okay with this as long as we're only arming the moderate rebel angels.
"Now, that is an interesting idea.  This would be an Amazing sci-fi short story."
I'm just here to read the comments.
"Didn't work out very well the first time, FYI..."
I can't wait to see what god has to say about this. lol
All this drama just so Trump could put his stupid name on the Pearly Gates.
More like selling multi billion dollar weapon to his regime to keep dissident angels down
That's exactly what started this mess in the first place.
U.S arming the dissidents and Russia arming God. Or maybe the other way around? I can never keep it straight.
i wish god was real so he can be killed for his sponsored genocide and depraved indifference
When you arm a group of terrorists to topple a group of terrorists you armed to topple a group of terrorists you armed to topple a group of terrorists you armed to...
Current reports indicate the Angels have been locked down in an intense gunfight without any access to Philadelphia Cream Cheese.
"God never saw it coming. He so deserves to be taken down, the uppity sonofabitch."
God is too busy to be bothered answering prayers of rich sports ball players.
God should not have resisted the Federal Reserve
You seemed funny  until everyday you post are showing  your true colors
"Media finds out, brands scandal "
This is one of the Onion's best ones yet.
People are going to just love this! 😁
This piece is amazing!!!
should have done our assignment on this...
If heaven had oil
Make Heaven Great Again
~If Heaven goes Nuclear......there could be Hell to pay
Joey Michael Washington Jr. Erik Troske
Is this true?
Wouldn't put it past the CIA.
wouldn't br surprised
Silly Onion. There's no God.
Not a chance in Hell this plan works.
"This was started by Nietzsche, blame him..."
Read  later ...
omg dying ☠️😂
your next deployment...
Winning hearts and minds
Atheism or regime change ;)?
Are they the 'moderate angels'?
What could possibly go wrong?
thought you might like this one.
finally the CIA is good for something
What is this? InfoWars?! NOT TODAY ALEX! Not today....
When all else fails right?
Watch out
!!!
Must've detected oil in heaven.
You only need the Saint of Killers.
I wonder how many people will believe this one
Didn't realize there was oil in heaven.
Blood for Mana.
Hey didn't this rebellion occur sometime ago ?
We SMT now?
God will soon be dead?
I read this book.  The Subtle Knife by Philip Pullman.
Did they do a cocaine deal to fund it?
If there is a buck to be made!
About time.  This terrorism must end.
Did we discover oil in heaven or something?
Support the Celestial Republican Army!
"Allahu akbar... Wait, no... Not that!'"
Nietzsche approves
It was bound to happen.
It's about time! He's dictated long enough!
Trump is out of control.
"I vote this article for best onion yet, "
About time!
"Bout time, that deity is corrupt as fuck"
Seems legit
Basically the plot of His Dark Materials
That stopped in January
No doubt that the CIA is involved.
Does 'Supernatural' know about this?
Must be running low on Virgins up there🤔
Lucifer wanted for questioning
Government doing already  do not need them
That's deep
Seems legit.
God was not elected
I cry.... when angels deserve to die
Quit giving Lindsey Graham ideas!
Obama!
Bannon !
Sign me up for the NDF.
" I mean, God did wipe out Soddom and Gommorah"
This is how SMT games start...
Allahu... Not-bar?
Lol The Onion is on a roll
And make profit on the side...
They think they can bring down 'Anonymous'?
Those angels need some freedom and democracy
"if the CIA could have, they would have."
heavens got oil?  smells like heaven needs some freedom!
reminds me of my essay r i p
So it's come to this...
Iconoclastic
Junta god reported to be worth billions.
they've done it again!
God: Not again.
Ooo
Joseph St. Pierre
Sounds about right.
the best onion I've seen in a while
Make Heaven Great Again.
Lol!
"Yeah, you think this is satire..."
Tough stuff. My friend bravely posts.
That liberal elitist had it coming for awhile now.
Nope
Im listening . . . .
Reinforcements from hell ask for separation of Heaven and Hell.
Darn Donald trump lmao 😂 G
Same
Bayonetta?
Unconventional Warfare?
Send in the Valkyries!
More stupid anti God crap....go f yourself onion staff
WWJD?
Funny but True!
lord azriel is behind this somehow
I read that book.
I never understood angels. I was bad a geometry.
stay strapped up there
America bless god
"Ahaha, ahah ahaha, ahahahahahahahawe'regonnadie."
Dumb
You meant Repuglicans....
.....what the fuck
what do we do?
*celestial dictator
Oh please they would have lazer weapons.
😂😂😂
wow theyre on the mark for sure
I heard it is just a police action.
still support Donald trump?
but which god exactly?
Lmao
they would if they could
Is there oil on clouds?
Didn't something like this already happen pre-Genesis?
Standing up to the tyranny of God! ;)
Sounds about right
my boyfriend ghost-wrote this article
don't kill me for this pls
Ignorant
Stupid......
finally!!!!! i aint gettin any younger for christ sake
Incoming chaos route
This is gonna cause some blowback
Yes
Esoteric truism.  w2g onion
Hahahahahaha
...
"Howard tried looking up himself on Wikipedia, but a grand conspiracy of trolls keep changing his current team to the ""Washington Butts""."
Don't mess with his eggsOr you'll see a fightYes we have feathers
...
Howard hasn't remembered a team nickname since his regrettable stint with the East Westchester North Stars.
He followed up by not being able to hit a damn free throw and asking for a trade.
"Dwight erroneously calls the team from Boston ""them Larry Bird guys"""
Dwight Howard's team now up 0-2 on the Wizards. Suck it Washington
"the only person who works harder at his job than Dwight Howard, is Dwight Howard's real estate agent"
"Shaq, on the other hand, always remembers the name of the team Dwight Howard's on. ""Barbecue chicken alert!"""
Howard trying to learn name of next seasons team he will play for.
Dwight Howard 'definitely' does not know the name of the rim he missed.
if you played basketball for the Atlanta bird guys
", is Dwight the most hated player in basketball?"
" in doing this at Monmouth. ""Let's go blue stripy guys!"""
"two days ago grey McLaren. P1 I bought afterearning 18,513 Dollars..it was my previous month's payout..just a littleover.17k Dollars Last month..3-5 hours job a day...with weekly layouts..it's realy thesimplest. job I have ever Do.. I Joined This 7 months. ago. and now making overhourly."
------------------- w­­­w­­­w.­e­a­s­y­-­j­o­b­2­.c­­­o­­­mONLY
idk why but this is way funnier than I expected
"He should just call them ""Guys Getting Torched by John Wall""."
LMAO spat my coffee at the included text
as soon as he remembers all his kids names he will get around to figuring out the teams name
I bet Dwight correctly guesses the team name before he makes another free throw.
"bird guys haha, maybe the nba is actually just a trivia game, who knew"
I would not be surprised if this actually happened
literally me as a cheerleader
", Idk why but I can't stop laughing at this."
drank bull semen for years to show his loyalty to Chicago
"Shiiiiit, maaaaan. That honky muf' be messin' mah old lady... got to be runnin' cold upside down his head, you know?"
"lol his face, the caption. I love satire"
It's your basketball boyfriend
Their name is Robert Paulson.
Stephen A. Smith
"Wow, I actually almost fell for this"
lets go bird guys
This is the first headline he's had in a while.
bird guys hahahaha
Ain't he one of the Three Stooges?
Hooked on Phonics is needed in DH's life & the rest of the NBA
This is something you would say
lmao
"""Let's go bird guys"""
idk why this is so funny
watch out georgia city
some things never change
dirty birds
" this just made me lose it....""bird guys"" 😂"
Why is this fucking hilarious
Now hiring work from home Brace yourself for a whole new way of attaining massive wealth. You're about to step out of the box and experience a revolutionary to residual income
that sounds right
The fucking onion.
don't know why this made me lol
" ""let's go bird guys"""
He's bawking at the notion of resigning with the team.
onion on fire today
is this shit also true?
Timothy Whener Jr.
Oh my god 😂
sports!
Area death row inmate claims to have more amenities and better treatment than a passenger flying coach with United.
"Inmate watching ""Beauty and the Beast"" said, ""Please kill me now."""
"And the headset once firmly fastened to the condemed mans head includes so much electricity he won't have time to think, ""Man ya really did it this time"", as a light mist of water and 75.000 volts gently starts to zizzle, then ZZZZZAAAP."
"Like a piece of toast, as someone in the witness area lights their lighter and yells ""ride the lighting"" maaaaan!"
"If they really want to make them suffer, they could make them go out watching"
.
Why not force them to watch the last person executed? This is how traditions are born!
"Nanny state bullshit. They should be happy to have a 9"" black & white tv with ""I Love Lucy"" reruns..."
"""Can you put the game on? I'm dying to see the score."""
" they can catch up on watching ""Girls"" lol"
"Breaking: Oklahoma reports uptick in capitol crimes due to better entertainment system in death chamber than most Oklahomans can afford at home. Clayton Lockett was quoted just before his death saying ""This was totally worth it, I'd do it again if I could! The size of this thing is amazing...."""
"So the selections are Somewhere Over the Rainbow, Wizard of Oz, and other assorted flicks whose settings are off planet?"
"Does it play ""renegade"" by Styx?"
Death row inmates living on Tulsa Time.
Probably the darkest onion i've ever read
Just play them It's a Small World After All on repeat
Why not just let them OD on heroin?
I'd die too if I lived in Oklahoma.
"Just play them Adele,"
"Watch ""13 Reasos Why"". You would yearn for death."
Does it allow you to record?
you are terrible and naughty too <3
"Watches Trump congratulate purple heart soldier,  pulls own plug."
Ludacris
"If you dream of marshmallows and wake up to find you've eaten your pillow, that means you have a synthetic fiber deficiency. Unless you have a memory foam pillow, in which case it means something, but I forgot what that was."
I'm probably dreaming right now but what does it mean? A go nowhere Onion post that will likely only draw trolls? Hmm perplexing. Hope I wake up.
Eggplant dreams can bring to light a serious Vitamin D deficiency. Doctors guarantee increasing your intake of the D will help you sleep more soundly.
Dreaming that you're an enormous bug that can't get out of bed could mean that you lack originality.
Once was aware I was dreaming. I was dreaming I was in a movie theater. I was watching a movie. I was the star of the movie. I woke up wondering what the fuck was that about.
I always follow my dreams... Especially those where I'm naked in public
Don't want to burst the bubble but...
All I need to know about dreams in that song by Heart.  That's it.
I dream I'm at an all I can eat buffet. When I wake up I usually find myself eating the neighbors
i dreamed the impossible dream and im still alive to talk about it
According to the dream book if you dream of defecation you are worried about money... who writes this shit?
I had a dream that I wrote a decent comment on The Onion.
Yes but what does F Murray Abraham dream of?
those dreams explained
good content
It doesn't say anything about CRVs
the onion doing marcis work
"I dreamt of a language in which words end in ""mt""."
What if you dream about being eaten by a giant donut???
don't see anything about having three kids
Level .3 Astral Traveler
I dreamed I wrote a post in the Onion. That no one read
"Scientists on LSD have found that psychedelic drugs such as LSD are fucking amazing, man."
"So I WAS in a higher state of consciousness when I, sweaty and buck naked,  threw that fire extinguisher through the glass convenience store front."
Area Man achieves lower state of conciousness after drinking a bottle of whiskey.
"Drugs, I believe can and do have this effect, but not on the majority of people because of 1) our addictive nature and 2) how dangerous they are. Plus, drugs can lead to (more) depression in people that do gain that higher consciousness but still choose to try and ""make it work"" in a society that is so dim-witted."
"Well of course. You unlock hidden knowledge inside your brain and instantly become more insightful than every philosopher and scientist ever, I mean, maaaan, what if life is just an illusion, maan"
Higher state of consciousness includes: when do I get my next fix? Everyone else is sooo oblivious to this thinking man.
"All this nonsense talk about higher states of consciousness... I much prefer unconsciousness, which is why my drug of choice is alcohol."
"I have always suspected this, and . . . OH MY GOD! GIANT SPIDERS!"
Actually....it's true. My first trip broke the universe wide open and I haven't been the same since. Thank <fill in your favorite deity or non>!
I'd be Leary of these studies.
"Two little old ladies go past a news stand on which is the headline ""LSD BEING USED AGAIN"". One says to the other - ""See, I told you this decimal currency was never going to work"". You probably have to be British or Ustriyan to get that one."
Conciousness is just a gateway to suffering.  Best to avoid it altogether.
""" the mathematical diversity of brain activity"", is that anything like probability? What is that? Is it actually good for you? Do you do anything better or just contemplate endless possibilities?"
"Scientists on LSD trying jotting down notes but look at this pencil, man!"
Idea for Sesame Street was suggested to the shows creator by the letter's 'L' and 'S' and by the number 'D'.
Mixing semolina and marijuana helps you achieve a higher state of couscousness
"“And then the next thing you know, you’re addicted to consciousness.”"
“Why would I want to break down boundaries I’ve spent my entire life building up?” lol
"Many times, the occupations they come up with are funnier than the topics."
Everyone knows that psychedelics are a gateway to ecstasy.
Is 'higher' state of consciousness supposed to be a pun?
That explains why drug addicts are so enlightened...
I hear it helped Lucy's consciousness get all the way up to the the Sky of Diamonds..
does crack bring you to a higher state of consciousness tho?
"Well, if that higher state of C leads me to eating the neighbour kid I'm good."
We don't need no got-damn mathematics or brains or nothing here in GOD's Murica.
im screaming why does the onion keep writing about us today
Have only done LSD once in my life. Done DXM a shitload of times though. Best legal high out there in my opinion.
Scientists who take LSD used to believe that. You can't ask Timothy Leary about it because he's dead.
"That's how I got started on graduate science - it's all a gateway, man..."
"In other news, water is wet et cetera et cetera"
I hefted butane for 3 years and it never affected me.   AHHH fucking mice everywhere... shit
Scientist confirms thing everyone already knew
I find a hit makes me get down on my knees and pray to the creator... Sandoz!
"Like yeah man, one and one equals square vibe. Raise me to a higher groove baby."
So I got that goin' for me......which is nice.
Here's Tom with the weather!
Suddenly I'm having a flashback to the face of someone I knew in the 80s while he had an acid flashback to the 60s as the sun suddenly got in his eyes just so.  How clearly I see that motorcycle big dad Viking Falstaff of a face go from quizzical to th
...
I would much rather do my math on a Calculator!
Make America High Again!
I can stop being conscious any time I want!
you just keep telling yourself that
"Well thats, like, your opinion, man."
You haven't lived until you have smelled sounds and heard visions.
addicted to consciousness
would would Walsh say lol
I wasn't AWARE of that.
"so wanna buy some, kid? :v"
Yawn stuff tho.
Irony is a hell of a drug!
Never dabble in LDS!
"4/20 was yesterday, The Onion."
"In other news, water is wet."
So full of win. Because science.
Hmm. . .
I know I am 😅
Molecule Stabilizer
"There is treatment, maybe a cure, in reality TV"
Far out man.
addicted to consciousness
I am surprised this isn't a Joe Rogan post...
And amazing running routes 🌈
These fucking job titles they invent 😂😂😂
Not news if you are experienced.
DMT
2+2=tomato soup
"Drippy, Dude!"
INTERESTING READ !!
Scot Bennett.
I do believe that
Always eat your vegetables✨🍄🍄💫
the onion has been fire lately.
Ideas for new cultivars?
"Maybe the egg has risen, and is no longer in the catacombs? Future scholars shall write great pieces of literature about the egg. Religions shall sprout up around the world worshiping this egg. Wars will be fought against the egg deniers..."
"Meh, Bob's Burgers did this joke last week."
"Instead, Pope Francis finds Tom Hanks searching for the final script of the New King James Version of the Bible. Hanks ditches his search to help Francis find the Easter egg."
fairly unrelated but me dominating the easter egg hunt bcoz of course i did
I'm actually really disappointed there wasn't an egg visible in the image ;(
remember the hilltop Easter egg hunt lol
Eggcellent
This is why we switched to plastic eggs filled with toys.
Even the Pope is laughing at this one.
Last one out is a rotten egg!
🙃😉🙃😉
Man is dragged across the space-time continuum after overbooking his warp.
"One time I went through a malfunctioning warp portal, and I ended up in an evil alternate universe where Donald Trump was president. But at least bearded Mr. Spock was able to help me get back home."
"Trump tries to compete with Japanese infrastructure by building a portal that teleports minorities, poor people straight to prison. Fox calls it a great success for cutting years off their usual school-to-prison commute."
"I saw the movie ""Versus"" once. It looked badass, but it turned out to be just a portal to two horrible hours that I will never get back."
"Hey Onion! You do realize this post can be viewed by some who did not stand at the turning point and make a deal with Old Bill, right? I mean, c'mon...the delays are bad enough without allowing...well, you know... That type..."
"I teleported home one night,With Ron and Sid and Meg.Ron stole Meggie's heart away,"
...
London Underground commuters will start ranting if they miss a train and have to wait *literally two minutes* for the next one.
"That's the danger of Warp travel, I'll stick to good ol' Webway Gates thank you very much."
Turns out the portal was being hogged by Jack O'Neill and his team.
Hilarity ensues when commuters mistake disintegration booth for warp portal.
Later it was released that the outage was from 5th Godzilla attack in as many weeks.
"Although Area commuter delayed, he was able to get in another level of candy crush while waiting."
the inconvenience of having to kill and dispose of their past selves made the work-around unsustainable - funny
That's because the Chinese government can't agree with Japanese involvement in Chongqing. (Where this photo is actually taken)
"It's okay, Onion, they can't all be home runs."
"Now you're thinking with Portals...  oh you aren't, they're busted..... ok"
"warp commuters always exit portal with fiendish-looking goatee, scowl."
Glad Republicans keep cutting funding for infrastructure so we Americans don't have problems like this.
In other news United States bringing back production of coal-powered passenger locomotives.
And to top it all off........ one dude got beat up and dragged from the line!.............
"I'm not sure I get this one. This is mocking the state of American public transportation, right?"
"Japanese! Great people but man, you smile, bow, and bam! They're like gooone!"
I heard their portal was overbooked so they had to remove someone
"In other news, America breaks ground to introduce high speed rail system within 10-20 years."
"I still really like our Amercan "" cho- cho trains, and even if your late, you can run fast enough to catch it."
Still much better than flying United...
I always knew there was something warped about the Japanese.
"All commuters are permanently, perniciously warped by the experience whether it be light speed portal, bus or car."
is this what you'll take to get to school in japan
😒 them feels when there's a long line at the wrap gate
"The photo happened to be taken at Chongqing North Railway Station, China."
It must be nice to pay for everything in Pogs.
The cake is a lie
Still a cheaper solution than the Scarborough Subway
Praying for u pal
I bet GLaDOS is behind this...
Japan has ALL the cool stuff.
*pouts*
we are literally this impatient
I would enjoy killing myself
You guys sure have a warped sense of humor !
totally inconvenient!
Japan gets all the cool toys.
Well there's always United....
This was the Future we deserved :(
I'm saying they were overbooked.  It's legal.
The Japanize are always future thinking people.
Meanwhile at the United portal....
"""It's just, I gotta get back before the Stargate closes"""
"For you on your birthday,"
Wouldn't happen in North Korea :3
"United drags nasty, unruly physician out of portal."
really annoying when this happens.
Mine is working if anyone needs it.
The Time Sphincter!
WHY THE FUCK ARE PEOPLE SAD AT THIS?! IT'S FUCKING SATIRE AND NOT EVEN ABOUT GLOBAL.WARMING OR WAR OR RELEVANT TO TODAY. HOLY SHIT PEOPLE LIGHTEN THE FUCK UP
